feat: Add workspace_name field in stream_connection resource and datasource (#3610)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/stream_connection.md

## Argument Reference

* `project_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies your project.

> * `instance_name` - (Deprecated) Human-readable label that identifies the stream instance. Attribute is deprecated and will be removed in version 3.0.0 in favor of `workspace_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instance_name` - (Deprecated) Human-readable label that identifies the stream instance. Attribute is deprecated and will be removed in following major versions in favor of `workspace_name`.
```

suggesting to be a bit less specific here

Reviewer: applies to others too
